Addressing comments lab2 FSx lustre (#289)
aws-samples/aws-hpc-tutorials: content/08-fsx-lustre/01-create-fsxl.md

In this section, you will create a new FSx for lustre filesystem in your test account

> 1. Open the FSx console [here] (https://console.aws.amazon.com/fsx/home) to navigate to your FSx console. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the FSx console [here] (https://console.aws.amazon.com/fsx/home). 
```

> 2. On the FSx console click on **Create file system** button as shown below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose **Create file system*, as shown below
```

> 

Reviewer: 3. are redundant. I cannot comment below.

Reviewer: @jyothibv could you address the comment above ?

{{% /notice %}}

5. Now go back to the tab where you have the create file system form open and scroll down to the next section to fill in VPC , subnet and security group as shown below. Enter in the VPC field the output of `echo ${VPC_ID}' from the cloud9 terminal, similarly subnet the output of `echo ${SUBNET_ID}'. For the security group from the drop down select the cluster security group (compute) from the cluster created in the previous lab. This will make sure thefilesystem you create will be in the same network as your cluster as well as any instances that you may need to mount this filesystem on during this lab. Note down/make a mental note of the security group name. This security group will be edited at the end of this section. 

![filesystemnetwork](/images/fsx-for-lustre-hsm/filesystemnetwork.png)

6. Scroll down to the **Backup and Maintanence** section and disable automatic backups as shown below. This step is important because you will be creating a data repository association in section c and to do this we need to make sure automatic backups are disabled.

![disablebackup](/images/fsx-for-lustre-hsm/disablebackup.png) 

> 7. Retain the rest of the details in the form at default settings and hit the **Next** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Choose **Next**.
```

> 8. On the next screen review the settings and at the end of the page as shown below hit the **Create file system** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Review the **Summary** and choose **Create file system**.
```

![createfsl](/images/fsx-for-lustre-hsm/createfsl.png)

> 9. Creating this file system is expected to take around 10 mins. In the meantime let us move to next steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Amazon FSx for Lustre file system creation will take ~10 mins. In the meantime let us move to next steps. 
```
